Chen Li's teeth are swollen these days. Chen Li is a barber. He works in the barber shop in the city hall.
One day, after lunch, Chen Li was sitting on the sofa just about to squint for a rest when a young man came in with a middle-aged man wearing a jacket. Chen Li fixed his eyes and saw the mayor. I've seen it on TV before. That day Chen Li got a bad news when he came home from work, his wife checked his body and found a shadow on his lungs. The wife cried. The second day of review learned that it was a tumor, can not be false, but benign and malignant biopsy to be finalized. Chen Lili horse feel the head is too big, in any case, surgery can not be avoided. This surgery, the money's gonna flow like water. Chen Li's back felt like a stone mill. The daughter's hotel was not well managed and closed. My daughter lost her job. Chen Li was a little out of his mind, holding the fader two eyes distracted, so that the section chief who was cut hair saw it, busy asked what was wrong, Chen Li said nothing, but slept late last night, the spirit is not good. The head of the other section is not easy to fool, and he must get to the bottom of it. Chen Li had no choice but to tell the truth. The section chief said with a sigh, you are difficult after this day. The section chief said, I am only responsible for informing you that a private company in the city is going to be listed soon, and their treatment there is very good. It would be nice if your daughter could get into a business like this.
Section chief to Chen Li left the name of the company, and then said you look for help, not necessarily hopeless. Chen Li said who is good, the section chief said, of course, the higher the level, the better, it depends on your ability. But who do I know? Chen Li spread out his hands and said. Far away and near! The section chief looked at the barber chair and said with a smile. Ask the mayor. He's the only one who can help. Chen Li dared not speak to the mayor. That day the mayor suddenly received a phone call, the mayor's voice is very big, Chen Li can hear from the conversation, because a subordinate to the mayor to help arrange work for his relatives, the mayor is angry at the subordinate. After putting down the phone, the mayor said to his secretary, who was standing nearby, remember that in the future, anyone who asks me to do such things will block me. How clear is the eight provisions of the Central Committee, and still have illusions. Chen Li listened, glad he did not open his mouth, otherwise a criticism is not without.
One day at noon, the mayor came again, still wearing his dark blue jacket. Chen Li found that the mayor liked to wear the jacket, except in the hot summer, the jacket almost always. On one occasion, Chen Li cut the mayor's hair and found that the collar was white when he took the clothes. Chen wondered why the mayor didn't wear a new jacket? Suddenly, Chen Li's mobile phone rang. The mayor woke up by the sound of the bell and looked up at Chen Li in surprise. I'm sorry, Sir. I have a call. It's my daughter's. Chen Li said while pressing the keyboard, the secretary wanted to block, the mayor waved to let him step aside. Her daughter's cry came, Chen Li suddenly tightened the heart. Chen Li already knew that his daughter's crying was bad news. Sure enough, the wife's stomach also found the shadow.
Chen Li's hand trembled, his voice trembled, and tears rolled in his eyes. Mayor see Chen Li button on the phone, busy ask, what happened? Chen Liqiang endured the pain and shook his head to say, nothing, nothing. Keep picking up the scissors. All right, let's talk about you first. Mayor pulled off his scarf and said to Chen Li. It's really fine. Chen Li's eyes were red. Don't put up with it. If you have any problems, I am the mayor, and I have some help. Chen Li choked and told the mayor about his wife's illness. Okay, I got it. Send Chen Li to the hospital. The mayor said to his secretary. Your hair -- the secretary hesitated. What's wrong with my hair, more important than the patient? Don't be nervous and don't panic. There is a saying that there will be a road to the mountain, and there is a saying that there is no way to God. Have faith. The mayor patted Chen Li on the shoulder to comfort.
What happened next was a great fulfillment. Chen Li's wife found the best doctor in the best hospital in the city and had the tumor removed. The daughter went into the private business as she wished. All this is the result of the mayor's care. Chen Li and his wife to discuss, in any case to thank the mayor. How can I thank you? What does the mayor lack? Nothing is lacking. Chen Li remembered the mayor's jacket.
The mayor sat in the barber chair and watched Chen Li holding the jacket he had bought with his wife from several shopping malls, with a smile on his face. Okay, thank you. I'll take it. I like jackets. But pay for it. That's the rule. You help me buy is friendship, I received is gratitude. Later, Chen Li found that the mayor was still wearing the old jacket. He asked his secretary quietly, and the secretary told him, Do you know who bought that jacket for him? The mayor's mother. The old man is gone, but the mayor refuses to part with him.

5. What is the function of the "jacket" in this passage? Please make a brief analysis of the full text.