I saw Lao Qiang perform before, it was two or three years ago. Friends tell me how the old voice, but I can hardly produce a reaction such as surprise. Because although I have lived in the Guanzhong area for decades, I have never heard of the Laoqiang opera, which shows the breadth and narrowness of its influence. In the wait before the opening performance, the composer Zhao Jiping also came, said hello and shook hands, and he sat down next to me. Just next to the chair, he suddenly stood up, hurried out of the seat to the left of the stage, and squatting there, an old man with white hair and white eyebrows shook hands and clapped shoulders, unusually hot, and shook hands with a group of people around the old man with white hair and white eyebrows, must be acquaintances who have dealt with them. When I took my seat, I also saw the old man with white hair and white eyebrows and a dozen people in front of him. At a glance, I could see that they were all authentic Guanzhong village people, and I could also think that they were a folk performance troupe of a certain type of drama, and I did not pay much attention to them. Zhao Jiping returned to his seat and solemnly introduced to me that this was the lao-qiang performing troupe of Huayin County, and the lao-qiang was a very remarkable singing style, especially that old man with white eyebrows... Old cavity can get Zhao Jiping's appreciation, I was impressed by the old cavity. Looking at the old man with white hair and eyebrows, sitting quietly under the corner of the stage, I suddenly gave rise to a sense of mystery.
It's Lao Qiang's turn to take the stage. As soon as about eight or nine actors came out of the left side of the stage, the audience roared with laughter. I couldn't help laughing, either. The laughter was triggered by their move on stage. In one hand they carried their instruments, in the other they carried a small wooden bench of squares and stripes, and on one shoulder a long bench which could seat two or three people. These household items are common necessities in the courtyard and cooker of every farmer in Guanzhong village, but they were carried on the big stage in Xi 'an. Without any stage movements, they walked to the center of the stage with the footsteps of walking freely in the village lane or in their own yard, each selected a position, put down a bench or a square stool, sat down, and began to adjust their own strings.
When the gongs and drums sounded and two horns neighed, Banhu, erhu and Yueqin played together, seemingly without much characteristic. And when another middle-aged man holding the moon harp opened his mouth just sang two sentences, the audience burst into applause; The old man with white hair has just received two songs, and the applause suddenly exploded, and someone shouted loudly in Guanzhong dialect one after another, "Beautiful!" "That's too tough!" I felt the same way. I clapped my hands, but I didn't shout. In accordance with the prior performance arrangement, they sang two sections of the opera, almost applause after applause, applause after applause, which undoubtedly became a climax of the performance. However, a surprising scene appeared, standing in the back of a half old man wearing coarse cloth opposite the front of the door carrying a long bench to the front of the stage, the left hand lifted one end of the bench, the other end of the stage, with the right hand holding a wooden brick, with the rhythm of the musical instrument and the chorus of actors continuously hit the long bench. No one had expected such a move, and the audience's applause and shouts of praise were stunned, and there was a complete silence. After a brief silence, applause and cheers erupted and continued...
I was addicted to this tone and fell into reverie, it was the sound from the deep earth of the mighty Guanzhong, or the sound of the Weishui waves, it was also like the roar of the rain against the boundless autumn harvest, nor was it the soft sound of the fine rain in the ignorant season moistening the green wheat seedlings in the early spring of Qinchuan, and even reminded me of the sound of cattle lowing and horses in the village filled with wood smoke...
The words I can think of still seem unable to express the heart-shaking charm of the old voice; Listen to the sound dripping, a long time difficult to calm down, but I gave birth to meet not not regret remorse mood. I have never heard of such an old style rich in artistic charm before, so I lack the influence of the old style melody. If I imagine that the old style melody is ringing in my heart from time to time, it will definitely affect my feeling and odor of the rural life in Guanzhong, and also affect the tone and texture of the words under my pen. Later, a writer friend who had seen Lao Qiang's performance said to me with regret that your novel "White Deer Plain" was written about the land of Guanzhong, if only there was a picture of Lao Qiang. But it occurred to me that not only one or a few strokes of the picture, but in the entire narrative text if there is an old tone permeated...
Until later, the novel "White Deer Plain" was adapted into a drama, and the director Lin Zhaohua added the singing of the old opera, which gave me a feeling of relief. Since then, Laoqiang has been on the stage of Beijing People's Art Theater with the help of the drama "White Deer Plain".
Later still want to listen to the old cavity, but it is rare. However, two years later, I was in Zhongshan music Hall again enough of the old cavity addiction. On that day, whether the white hair old man, or other actors, are fully devoted to singing, the unique charm of the old cavity to a better degree, the audience a stronger than a burst of applause, should be a kind of spiritual response. Pure Guanzhongfu local pronunciation, the audience can understand how much content can be imagined, why there will be such a strong response and appeal? What I think of is melody, a kind of sound from long time and space, and full of profound charm of Guanzhong earth, which makes the nerve that has been hidden in the bottom of the soul of contemporary people has not been submerged by a variety of elegant or popular melody, which almost instinctively echoes this spiritual melody that is the original form of great beauty.
I was quite moved at that moment, they - whether Qin opera or old opera - originally sang like this, perhaps from the Song Dynasty, whether Yuan, Ming, Qing, and the Republic of China to liberation, until now, has been singing in the countryside in the village in the temple fair, until tonight, singing in the Zhongshan Music Hall. I wanted to put more distance between myself and the villagers on stage, so I left my seat in the front row and found an empty seat at the back of the theatre to enjoy the singing of these villagers from a distance, in an attempt to eliminate the inevitable favouritism caused by the villagers' feelings. This seems to have a certain effect, and it is definitely the artistic charm of the soul produced by the cavity itself... When I fell into that kind of pure appreciation of distance, the host of the show Pu Chunxin made an extraordinary move that made the whole audience uproar. He walked quickly to the front of the stage from the host of the stage corner, took a long bench from the actor who was Shouting, and took a wooden brick from his raised right hand, and smashed it on the long bench himself, then raised the wooden brick and shouted loudly. The audience went wild. The illustrious Pu had melded in with the old style, and I suddenly realized that my efforts to distance myself and seek objective appreciation were superfluous.

2. The paper uses the technique of side description to express the artistic charm of Laoqiang. Please cite two examples and analyze them.
