"Chinese Gold and Silver" is the first general history of ancient Chinese gold and silver, including vessels and jewelry, focusing on the shape and decoration, the relationship between art and craft, aesthetics and life.
The research interest of this book is not in the history of scientific and technological development of gold and silver ware, but in the evolution history of shape, decoration and style closely related to the history of social life. It can also be said that it is not an exhaustive compilation of historical data, nor is it a classification and classification of objects by archeological methods to divide The Times. Instead, it is based on the premise of visual inspection, starting from nominology, through naming. Using the method of artifact description, to show the history of arts and crafts and the history of social life of gold and silver.
The study of ancient Chinese gold and silver ware is a new science that comes with modern archaeology. The history of gold and silver displayed in handed down documents is different from the history of gold and silver presented by unearthed cultural relics. The former shows a large number of names and a large number of uses, but very little material provides a concrete image. In terms of name and quantity, the objects discovered by archeology are only the tip of the iceberg, but they are vividly displayed. It provides the most intuitive example of the core issues to be discussed in the arts and crafts, namely modeling and ornamentation.
Gold and silver have both rich and beautiful qualities. First of all, it is wealth, and second, it is a form of art, but it can be repeatedly changed to follow the fashion of The Times by means of selling. Compared with the elegance of calligraphy and painting, stone, jade and porcelain that can be entered into the collection, gold and silver can be described as a vulgar to the bone. It spreads the fashion of The Times with its vulgarity. Compared with other categories, the production process of gold and silver utensils and jewelry is not complicated, which especially shows the importance of design.
From the perspective of modeling design, arts and crafts is the most common, less personality, the most close to life art. No matter which dynasty and which generation, blessing and joy are the two main themes of pattern design, of course, the forms of expression in different times are different, that is, the choice and creation of artistic images are different, which is also the history of arts and crafts to show a main content. The concept of "history" here refers to the perception close to the decorative intentions of designers and producers, showing the history of design without words or few words but only in the finished product, rather than sticking to the historical Chronicles to sketch the clues of development. The novelist says, "Language is our way of thinking, our most basic and direct means of expression." Language is also a building material, and many unexpected buildings have been built brick by brick with language." The historian said, "I always emphasize the use of the most basic 'philological' academic method, to make the most comprehensive and in-depth historicization and contextualization of the text that comes to me and needs to be studied, so as to make the most accurate understanding and interpretation of them." These two passages can also be transferred to the shape and pattern as an artistic vocabulary. This book is based on the observation and analysis of the occurrence and evolution of artistic vocabulary. There are two kinds of language presented here: one is the thing, that is, the artistic language that expresses itself in shape and decoration; One is text, that is, people's naming of things, which includes the understanding of the thing itself and the meaning carried by the thing.
The key to the development and evolution of gold and silver craft is the richness of categories and the beauty of the design of shapes and patterns closely related to the fashion of The Times, and the progress of technology is not the dominant. Pattern design first depends on the craftsman's mind, put into the skillful hand of mastering traditional technology, is its second meaning. The schema evolution involved in pattern design also includes two main contents: one is the continuous process tradition of the design and production of gold and silver itself, and the other is the cultural ecology formed by the custom of coexistence and shared literature between designers and producers. Therefore, it can be said that the history of Chinese gold and silver ware is also a history of ancient social customs to a large extent.

1. Regarding the understanding and analysis of the original content, the correct one is ()
A. The physical objects of gold and silver discovered by archaeology are far less than those recorded in classical books in terms of name and quantity, but their value and significance are above those recorded in classical books.
B. To investigate the aesthetic fashion of a period of society, we should first pay attention to the popular craft design of gold and silver utensils and jewelry at that time and the spread of the fashion of The Times.
C. No matter which dynasty or generation, the design of gold and silver patterns can not be separated from the two main themes of blessing and joy, and the same is true of other categories of arts and crafts.
D. To name the finished gold and silver articles with no or few words, the social customs and cultural ecology of the time are the main basis for naming.
