1.1【Answer】B
A. "And its value and meaning are based on the records of classical books" is wrong, fabricated out of thin air. In the third paragraph, the physical objects discovered by archeologists, although they are only the tip of the iceberg in terms of name and quantity, are vividly displayed; For the core issue of arts and crafts to be discussed, that is, modeling and decoration, it provides the most intuitive example ", here is only to say that the real object found by archaeology has its own value, and does not compare it with the classical records, the two should be valuable.
C. "Can't get it off... It is also the case that "wrong, the expression is absolute, according to the fifth paragraph of the original text," from the perspective of modeling design, arts and crafts are more common, less personality, and the art closest to life. No matter which dynasty and which generation, blessing and joy are the two main themes of pattern design. "We can see that the option lacks a prerequisite" from the perspective of modeling design."
D. "The social customs and cultural ecology of its time are the main basis for the name" is false. The end of the fifth paragraph of the original text only says that "text, that is, man's naming of things, which includes the understanding of the meaning of things themselves and things"; And through paragraph 6 "The schematic evolution involved in graphic design... One is the cultural ecology formed by the custom of coexistence and shared literature between designers and producers. "It can be seen that the social customs and cultural ecology of its era affect the pattern design of gold and silver.

1.2【Answer】D
D. "Focusing on the impact of continuous craft traditions on the technology, shape and pattern design of gold and silver ware" is not comprehensive in summary, the original text is "the schema evolution involved in pattern design also includes two main contents: One is the continuous craft tradition of the design and production of the gold and silver itself, and the other is the cultural ecology formed by the custom of coexistence and shared literature between the designer and the producer."

1.3【Answer】B
B. Because... So..." Impose cause and effect. The fourth paragraph reads "... However, it can be repeatedly changed to follow the fashion of The Times by means of melting. Compared with the elegance of calligraphy and painting, stone, jade and porcelain that can be entered into the collection, gold and silver can be described as a vulgar to the bone. It spreads the fashion of The Times with its vulgarity ", only talking about the "vulgarity" of gold and silver ware and the repeated change of patterns to spread the fashion of The Times through the method of selling and melting, and did not say that these two reasons affected the number of its handed down.

2.1【Answer】C
A. In the first sentence of the third paragraph, "Filial piety" becomes a family ethical norm, and thus a social ethical system "and in the first paragraph," These contain various family ethical norms, and in order to make these norms a social ethic, it is necessary to institutionalize "rites". It can be seen that social ethical institutions are more extensive than family ethical norms, but they are not more important.
B. The word "unique" in "filial piety" is a unique family ethic in ancient Chinese society has no basis;
D. "There is no need to advocate" error, paragraph 4 "But" benevolence "as the core concept of" filial piety "still has the meaning of family ethics."

2.2【Answer】A
A. The wrong understanding should be used to discuss the importance and philosophical basis of "filial piety" in family ethics and social ethics.

2.3【Answer】C
C. The original text does say: "Based on 'Qinqin' (love for one's relatives), expand to 'benevolence for the people' and 'love for things.'" But this only shows that "filial piety" is gradually expanded from the "love of relatives" in Confucianism, and it does not show that all the practices of "filial piety" in history are voluntary. Especially in the patriarchal society, "filial piety" is not only a personal choice, but also an ethical norm and social system, with a certain degree of compulsion and obligation, not "always consciously voluntary".