Society is made up of many families, and family harmony is related to social harmony. How to establish a harmonious relationship in the family, it needs to have family ethics. In China, there have been various ethical norms for safeguarding family relations since ancient times. These ethical norms are often reflected in various "rites". From the Book of Rites, we can see that there are various records of "rites", such as marriage, funeral and so on, which contain various family ethical norms, and in order to make these family ethical norms become a social ethic, we must institutionalize "rites".
In ancient China, "filial piety" is undoubtedly the most important concept in "family ethics". In the Book of Filial Piety, Confucius said, "If a husband is filial, the book of heaven is also, the justice of the earth is also, and the people are also." This is to say that "filial piety" is the routine of "heavenly way"; It is the general rule that "tunnel" is conducive to all things; The rules that people follow. Why does "filial piety" have such a big meaning? This is related to the patriarchal system in ancient China. Ancient Chinese society is basically patriarchal farming society, the family is not only the living unit, but also the production unit. In order to better maintain the order of the elders and children in the family, and to ensure the smooth continuation of the family, it is necessary to have a set of family ethical norms that adapt to the social stability at that time, and this ethical norm must be a set of ethical norms from the son of heaven to the common people, and constitute a set of ethical norms of the whole society, so that the society can be stable.
"Filial piety" has become a family ethical norm, and then become a social ethical system, there must be its philosophical basis. "Guo shop Chu Jian Cheng Wen" said: "the day Dengda Chang, to reason people Ren, the system for the righteousness of the emperor and minister, as father and son, divided into husband and wife." Straightening out the relationship between king and minister, father and son, and husband and wife is the requirement of "Heavenly Way". Only when a gentleman deals with the ethical relationship between the king and the minister, father and son, and husband and wife according to the routine of "the way of heaven" can the society be managed well. Therefore, "humanity" and "the way of heaven" are closely related.
"Filial piety" as a kind of family ethics philosophical basis is Confucius "benevolence". "Filial piety" as a kind of family ethics philosophical basis is Confucius "benevolence". Based on "affinity" (love of one's loved ones), it expanded to "benevolence of the people" and "love of things". Based on Confucius' "benevolence", it is understandable to regard "filial piety" as "the sutra of heaven", "the righteousness of earth" and "the action of man". On the one hand, it embodies the essence of Confucius's "love" (" universal love "); on the other hand, in Confucius's Confucian thought, "filial piety" has a constantly expanding process in social life practice. Therefore, "filial piety" is not a solidified dogma, but a process of "love constantly released" based on "benevolence". Only in family practice and social practice can the meaning of "filial piety" based on "benevolence" truly emerge. With the development of society, family ethics in modern society will change. The meaning of "filial piety" will also change. For example, "four generations living together" and "raising children for old age" have lost their meaning because of the gradual disappearance of the family as a production unit, and for example, some forms of "twenty-four filial piety" are no longer necessary to promote, but "love" as the core concept of "filial piety" still has the meaning of family ethics. In the case that the family is no longer a production unit, the guarantee of a good living condition of the family will be mainly borne by the social security system, but the "love" spirit of "filial piety" will not change. The love and respect for the elders and the cultivation of the descendants are all due to the "love" in the heart of man. Lu Xun in "How do we be a father now" criticizes the eraseness of "love", blindly saying "grace" of "father for son" said: "I think now, it is only 'love'." The core idea of "filial piety" is that "benevolence as a family ethic still has some universal value significance."

2.1. Regarding the understanding and analysis of the original content, the correct one is ().
A. Since ancient times, China has attached importance to family ethics and placed family ethics norms in a more important position than social ethics systems.
B. The family is not only a living unit, but also a production unit, which determines that "filial piety" is a unique family ethic in ancient Chinese society.
C. According to Confucianism, "filial piety" is not only the norm within the family, but also has a process of expanding in society.
D. Due to the changes of family structure and family ethics, the traditional form of "filial piety" is not necessary to promote in modern society.

2.2. One of the following relevant analyses of the original argument is incorrect:
A. The purpose of this article is to demonstrate that the understanding and interpretation of "filial piety" in ancient and modern Chinese classics are consistent.
B. Based on the recognition and acceptance of Confucius' "benevolence" thought, this paper puts forward a conclusion on the meaning of "filial piety".
C. In the argumentation structure, the article first leads to the topic, then puts forward the point of view, and then longitudinally in-depth, and finally adds the discussion.
D. The article not only affirms the universal meaning of "filial piety", but also points out its connotation changes, showing the author's critical attitude.

2.3. According to the original text, one of the following statements is incorrect: ()
A. The "rites" in ancient China has both ethical and institutional aspects, which is a combination of the two.
B. Confucianists view filial piety from the relationship between "the way of heaven" and "humanity", which reflects the unity of philosophy and ethics.
C. Taking "affinity" as the basis of "filial piety" can make "filial piety" always be voluntary in historical practice.
D. Lu Xun criticizes "Father as son" from the Angle of "How to be a father now", which reflects the reflection on the old saying.